okay we're gonna do a more in-depth view
of the direct button by using the direct
button week button at the bottom the
little D you press the D it's gonna
bring us up our go-to screen by using
the up arrow and press ups a couple
times go up to the kr SW on my screen we
highlight the identifier and we press
enter to be able to select the first
cursor by using the right and left
arrows we can change our cursor position
for each letter and we can actually use
the up and down arrow to go through the
alphabet and put in a new identifier in
this case we are gonna put in our local
airport I'm gonna hold down the bottom
button so we go through this with the
alphabet fast go to a I'm gonna put in a
PF for Naples Florida AP hit the right
arrow to go to the third or the fourth
letter position hit the up arrow to go
to F and I found Naples Municipal
Airport in Naples Florida and I can
press ENTER and now it highlights the go
to button now another way to search for
an airport is to actually use the cursor
gonna press the up arrow because right
now goto is highlighted I'm gonna press
the up arrow I'm gonna look at Naples
Municipal that's the name of the airport
not the city but the name of the airport
and then for example let's say we wanted
to go to two cab Peachtree in Atlanta
two cab Tek I do that by highlighting
the the airport name pressing enter to
get the small cursor just up on the
first letter I'm gonna use the up and
down arrows to go through the alphabet
and put in the cab here's DeKalb the cab
Illinois now I just have to find the cab
peachtree press enter and now basically
they go to is highlighted if I press
ENTER it'll go to now in this case this
is an interesting Airport is the name is
de cab Peachtree you'd think it would be
d PK was the identifier but it's
actually PD K so if you weren't sure of
the identifier and you're calling the
airport the cab Peachtree sometimes this
can be a little confusing to find the
airport identifier
because the name of the airport doesn't
always correspond with the letters we
can also search on city by using the
down arrow we highlight the city name
press ENTER to get our small cursor and
we can put in a city name in this case
let's put in Orlando I'm gonna hold down
the button to go all the way to o press
the right arrow to go to the next cursor
position then put in our Orland
California Orlando Florida now there may
be more than one Airport in Orlando so
if we right now it's showing Kissimmee
gateway if I press the up arrow actually
still shows Orlando Florida but also the
now shows Orlando International Orlando
executive Orlando Sanford Orlando her
knee and orl vor so using the city you
have to be careful to make sure you
actually get this the actual airport
that you're intending to select in this
case I'm going to select Orlando
Executive K o RL press the enter button
to accept it the highlights go to to go
to that Airport I press the enter button